OSDOCS-13099: adds bug fix and enhancement notes MicroShift 4.18 (#87170)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_release_notes/microshift-4-18-release-notes.adoc

link:https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[Technology Preview Features Support Scope]

[id="microshift-4-18-rhel-image-mode_{context}"]
=== {op-system-base-full} image mode Technology Preview feature

> * You can install {microshift-short} using a `bootc` container image. Image mode for {op-system} is a Technology Preview deployment method that uses a container-native approach to build, deploy and manage the operating system as a bootc container image.

Reviewer: @ShaunaDiaz is `{op-system}` a valid label? I'm asking because it's not rendered in the preview link:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1fd70e27-4870-48d7-ba8d-048b89ec92af)

Reviewer 2: I think you want {op-system-base} here.

Author: Yeah, you're both right. I used the OCP attribute out of habit.

See xref:../microshift_install_bootc/microshift-install-rhel-image-mode.adoc#microshift-install-rhel-image-mode[Using image mode for RHEL with {microshift-short}] for more information.

//NOTE: Do NOT repeat bug fixes already noted in previous version z-streams
[id="microshift-4-18-bug-fixes_{context}"]
== Bug fixes

[discrete]
[id="microshift-4-18-installation-bug-fixes"]
=== Installation

> Previously, the greenboot health check was marking an Image mode for {op-system-base} healthy system as unhealthy due to a relatively low 300-second timeout which might not be enough on systems with a slow network. With this release, the default greenboot wait timeout is now 600 seconds, which allows more time to download images and, thus, result in an accurate system check. (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-47463[OCPBUGS-47463])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the greenboot health check marked the Image mode for some healthy {op-system-base} systems as unhealthy due to a 300-second timeout, which was insufficient for systems with slow networks. Beginning in {product-title} 4.18, the default greenboot wait timeout has been extended to 600 seconds to provide more time to download images and ensure accurate system checks. (https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-47463[OCPBUGS-47463])
```
